Come on. Open up.
Mom.
Come on, you must be hungry. Eat it.
Open up.
Comrade Lim.
Comrade Joo.
Comrade Kang
went out to intercept the money
they're going to send the North,
and the ANSP found out about her.
Is that really true?
She's one of Lim Ji-rok's people.
Even if I tell him about this,
he'll try to cover up her betrayal.
I don't care what happens to traitors.
Comrade Kang went out
to intercept the money to save us
when our country abandoned us.
With that money,
we might be able
to cut a deal with Lim Ji-rok.
Your superior…
must be rivals with Lim Ji-rok.
We must inform your superior of this
to get Lim Ji-rok.
You've got some nerve.
You want to take down the head of the UFD
when you're surrounded by enemies?
Lim Ji-rok told me
if we don't blow ourselves up by midnight…
that he'd kill my sister.
I will never let him have his way.
It must be great
to have a powerful father.
Are you sure you can kill him?
Gyeok-chan.
My father…
was a coal miner
in North Hamgyong Province.
And a mine roof collapse
killed him.
I've been fighting
for our country and people,
not for those who consider
our agents' lives as expendable.
Lim Ji-rok has us cornered.
We must get him first
to find a way to survive.
I'm sure your superior will welcome…
any intel that can bring Lim down.
Untie me.
Moran Hill 1 intercepted the money
the South was going to send us.
And the ANSP found out about her.
REPORT MESSAGE
SENDER: CHONGCHON RIVER
"Kang Cheong-ya
would never betray the party"?
As if your son was not enough,
Kang's screwing us over too?
If we won't be able to get the money,
it's all on you!